Corrected Title (#71)
magento/knowledge-base: src/best-practices/general/magento-commerce-cloud-best-practice-for-slave-connection.md

---

> title: Adobe Commerce on cloud architecture best practice for MySQL slave connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Adobe Commerce on our cloud infrastructure best practice for MySQL slave connection
```

Reviewer: I know we used architecture ourselves, but there was a twist and it will be "on our cloud infrastructure" (and "our" is required).
